push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push red
pull red
slide-to-left red
slide-to-right red
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push green
pull green
slide-to-left green
slide-to-right green
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push blue
pull blue
slide-to-left blue
slide-to-right blue
push violet
pull violet
slide-to-left violet
slide-to-right violet
push cyan
pull cyan
slide-to-left cyan
slide-to-right cyan
push yellow
pull yellow
slide-to-left yellow
slide-to-right yellow
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up red
move-down red
move-sideways-to-left red
move-sideways-to-right red
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up green
move-down green
move-sideways-to-left green
move-sideways-to-right green
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up blue
move-down blue
move-sideways-to-left blue
move-sideways-to-right blue
move-up violet
move-down violet
move-sideways-to-left violet
move-sideways-to-right violet
move-up cyan
move-down cyan
move-sideways-to-left cyan
move-sideways-to-right cyan
move-up yellow
move-down yellow
move-sideways-to-left yellow
move-sideways-to-right yellow
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push scarlet
pull scarlet
slide-to-left scarlet
slide-to-right scarlet
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push harlequin
pull harlequin
slide-to-left harlequin
slide-to-right harlequin
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push azure
pull azure
slide-to-left azure
slide-to-right azure
push purple
pull purple
slide-to-left purple
slide-to-right purple
push greenish-blue
pull greenish-blue
slide-to-left greenish-blue
slide-to-right greenish-blue
push blonde
pull blonde
slide-to-left blonde
slide-to-right blonde
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up scarlet
move-down scarlet
move-sideways-to-left scarlet
move-sideways-to-right scarlet
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up harlequin
move-down harlequin
move-sideways-to-left harlequin
move-sideways-to-right harlequin
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up azure
move-down azure
move-sideways-to-left azure
move-sideways-to-right azure
move-up purple
move-down purple
move-sideways-to-left purple
move-sideways-to-right purple
move-up greenish-blue
move-down greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-left greenish-blue
move-sideways-to-right greenish-blue
move-up blonde
move-down blonde
move-sideways-to-left blonde
move-sideways-to-right blonde